♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] At long last, the
Straw Hat Pirates have reached
the waters of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
an island divided into
freezing and burning halves.
There, they soon discover
the twisted motives
behind the ruler of the island,
the mad scientist Caesar Clown.
Teaming up with the Warlord Law
and Vice Admiral Smoker,
they launched an assault
on Caesar's lab.
Now, with Caesar defeated,
they make their escape.
[panting]
[cackles]
Smoker! Your heart
is still in my hands.
And I'm not going to hell alone!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Monet.
I'm surprised you're alive.
Vergo's been defeated.
[DOFLAMINGO]
I feel sorry for you all.
I misjudged the whole situation.
[DOFLAMINGO]
No more games.
I want them all wiped out
in one fell swoop.
Deep in the third lab,
you'll find the weapon
responsible for destroying
the first two laboratories
as well as the rest of the
island exactly four years ago.
With the simple
push of a button,
Punk Hazard's population will
be reduced to a single person.
The only one who can survive
the Land of the Dead,
our dear friend, Caesar.
The location of the device--
You don't need to say
another word, Joker.
[MONET]
I was going to do it anyway.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Very good.
Die for me, Monet.
And take everything with you.
[MONET]
Understood.
[LUFFY] "A Critical Situation!
Punk Hazard Explodes!"
[LUFFY laughs]
So fast!
[BROOK] What is wrong
with you? Get off him!
[MOMONOSUKE]
I refuse to do so!
You are really heavy!
You're gonna break him!
Why is there a dragon
here with us?
Momo? I met him
at a garbage dump.
[NAMI]
Wow, what?
[MOMONOSUKE]
It is clearly his visage!
Father!
This eel is quite
distraught. Huh?
Please save my father!
[BROOK screams]
It's gone mad!
Momo! What's wrong?
Did he just call out "father"?
How does that
biologically add up?
[LAW]
Worry about it later.
I don't see any light ahead.
There's still some distance
before we reach the exit.
How hard did Straw Hat
punch Caesar exactly?
[cackles] Sure hope
you're good at math,
because your days are numbered!
Smoker!
[MONET]
Straw Hat Luffy and his crew.
Trafalgar Law.
[MONET]
G-5.
And even those poor children.
[MONET]
Every one of you.
This is where you will die.
Here with me.
[MONET]
Farewell, Young Master.
[MONET] Though I won't
be around to see it,
I know you'll become...
...the King of the Pirates.
[MONET gasping]
[DOFLAMINGO] Hm? Why is the
snail still receiving a signal?
The island should
be gone by now.
[ALL yelling]
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Hey, are you okay?
[GIRL B]
Mm-hmm.
[CHOPPER gasps]
[gasps] I don't know
what happened,
but that sounded pretty bad.
Must've come from Building D.
Trust me, I know.
That's the SAD
Manufacturing Room.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Monet.
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles]
Adios, Smoker! See you in hell!
[CAESAR CLOWN cackling]
[heart beating]
What happened? Monet?
I'm sorry...
My Young Master...
[heart beating]
[beating stops]
[SMOKER]
Hey. Law.
If we get off
this island alive,
you and I'll go our
own separate ways.
But there's somethin'
I've gotta ask you
while I still have the chance.
[LAW]
And that is?
Here, this belongs to you.
[SMOKER gasps]
[SMOKER] I was under the
impression that my heart
was in Caesar's possession.
So how the hell did you end up
getting your hands on it?
Simply put, he got
mixed up on the details.
I hold onto your
heart for safekeeping.
What do you say, do we
have ourselves a deal?
[cackles]
[LAW] At first, Caesar wasn't
willing to trust me.
He requested that I
hand over my heart to him.
And in exchange,
he let me hold onto his
secretary, Monet's heart.
We have ourselves a deal.
Shall we shake on it?
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles]
[LAW]
And as you know,
I sliced out your heart when
you first arrived at the lab.
[LAW] So our little encounter
put me in possession
of two hearts.
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles]
[CAESAR CLOWN] The heart
of the leader of the G-5.
Vice Admiral Smoker.
What a wonderful
souvenir. Thanks.
[LAW]
He just made that assumption
and I didn't bother
correcting him,
but I gave him back Monet's
heart out of kindness.
I need a response.
Answer me.
[LAW]
As the old saying goes,
when you do something
nice for other people...
...well, that good karma's
bound to come back to you.
[BABY 5]
Pretty hot, huh?
This Missile Girl's...
burning passion!
[BUFFALO]
Hey, hey, Baby 5!
[BUFFALO] You still wanna
hold onto this weapon?
I mean, ya can already turn
into every weapon ya want.
[BABY 5] Thanks for grabbing it,
Buffalo, that was sweet.
That weapon's imbued with
magic powers, you know!
Whoever owns this weapon
is bound to lead a happy life.
And if ya buy it from me, you'll
make me a happy man, too!
What? Really?
[BABY 5] I'm the only one
who can make him happy!
That was just a scam, obviously!
Oh, crap, look out
behind you, Baby!
[BABY 5 gasps]
[FRANKY]
I dunno who you creeps are,
but I'll tell ya who
you're dealin' with.
I am the one and only
invincible Iron Pirate! Woo!
I don't fight for peace on
the sea 'cuz that ain't for me!
Oh, Iron Pirate!
[BABY 5]
I'm done with this.
Weapon-morphosis! Revolver Girl!
[FRANKY]
Ha! That tickles!
[BABY 5 groans]
[FRANKY] Huh. I take it
you didn't like my song.
Damn, this guy's tough as nails.
[BUFFALO]
Baby 5!
Bombs away!
Thanks, Buffalo! You're a pal!
This oughta do the
job. Deflect this!
[FRANKY]
Huh?
Aw, crap! This tunnel's
gonna collapse any second!
[BOY A]
Huh?
[ALL gasp]
[LUFFY]
I got it!
The ceiling's
completely giving out!
This tunnel is burrowed
directly through the mountain.
If it caves in, we'll be buried.
[USOPP] You gonna do
something about it or what?
[MARINES gasp]
[SUBORDINATE A screams]
Dammit! The passage is blocked!
Hit the brakes!
[MARINES gasp]
[ZORO]
Don't slow down.
[MARINE C]
What?
[MARINES gasp, cheer]
Awesome!
Holy crap! He saved us!
I don't want that guy
as my enemy! Even if he is!
[BROOK chuckles]
[LUFFY laughs]
You might not wanna get
comfortable just yet.
[CHOPPER screams]
[ALL]
Huh?
[CHOPPER]
The poison gas!
[ALL gasp]
Can't we catch a break?
I'm so sick of
runnin' from this crap.
It's gotta be seepin' in through
all the giant
cracks in the walls.
So if the falling rubble doesn't
kill us, then the gas will.
Could you stop being morbid for
just once in your life, please?
[LAW] There's bound to be
a gas cloud blocking the exit.
[SUBORDINATE C gasps]
Anyone on board capable of
conjuring up some wind?
[OTHERS]
What?
You expect someone to just
coincidentally have that power?
[NAMI]
Oh. Right here.
I can do that.
[OTHERS]
Seriously?
[gasps] I can see
the end of the tunnel!
[ALL]
Huh?
Nice! Just a little more to go!
Move faster!
Young Master!
Young Master?
[SUGAR]
Young Master!
What's the deal?
Where are you?
[SUGAR]
I can't find the Young Master.
[LAO G] He should be in
his room on the fourth floor.
But he's not. I looked up there.
The window was open.
[LAO G]
Ah. Well, then.
I don't know where he is.
[LAO G sighs]
Sounds like he headed
off on his own again.
[DOFLAMINGO] It's me. Tell me
what's happening over there.
[BUFFALO]
Uh, actually, we got some kinda
metal security guard
giving us trouble.
[DOFLAMINGO]
But other than that,
the two of you are still safe?
[BUFFALO]
Uh, yes, sir.
[DOFLAMINGO]
So the island and everyone on it
hasn't gone up in
a massive explosion.
[DOFLAMINGO]
All right, it's settled.
For now, I want you two
to take care of that guard.
I'll be there shortly.
[NARRATOR] As Doflamingo
stealthily draws near,
the battle over custody of the
wanted Caesar Clown heats up.
And when General
Franky's armor is pierced
by the fangs of Baby 5,
the invincible metal warrior
uses his ultimate secret weapon
to launch a massive
counterattack!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Capture Caesar!
General Cannon Blasts!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!